docs: reference: Small fixes (#1991)
rauc/rauc: docs/reference.rst

  Detailed information about the supported types is described in the
  :ref:`Supported Image Types <sec-ref-supported-image-types>` section.

  .. note::

>     This key is not yet supported for images installed into artifact repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This key is not yet supported for artifacts.
```

This would be the wording we use in other places in the documentation, too.
